the ECB expands its Bond buying money
printing program to
2.4
trillion you came here for the news so
let me unveil that for you the ECB
promises to cut debt purchases but
expand the bond buying until the end of
2017 stocks rose on the sheer fact that
the central bank will support the
European economy for a few extra months
the Dow Jones is at a record
19,618
nearing the threshold of
20,000 crude oil is near $51 a barrel as
markets await the OPEC meeting the cost
of food will rise throughout
2017 based on reports Russia has agreed
to cut oil output by 300 ,000 barrels a
day if OPEC Cuts production gold is at
$168 an ounce the euro is sitting just
below
$16 if you found this short video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and remember to always look at the money
GPS where I have a free ecourse I have
free ebooks and so much more the money
gps.com